chore: update changelog for v1.3.0 (#703)
axelarnetwork/axelar-amplifier: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased](https://github.com/axelarnetwork/axelar-amplifier/tree/HEAD)

[Full Changelog](https://github.com/axelarnetwork/axelar-amplifier/compare/ampd-v1.3.0..HEAD)

## [v1.3.0](https://github.com/axelarnetwork/axelar-amplifier/tree/ampd-v1.3.0) (2024-11-19)

[Full Changelog](https://github.com/axelarnetwork/axelar-amplifier/compare/ampd-v1.3.0..ampd-v1.2.0)

- Change event index in message ids from u32 to u64. Emit message id from voting verifier [#666](https://github.com/axelarnetwork/axelar-amplifier/pull/666)
- Ampd switch from horizon to RPC client for Stellar verifier [#694](https://github.com/axelarnetwork/axelar-amplifier/pull/694)

#### Migration Notes

> Contracts that should be redeployed (deploy fresh instance):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
New contracts that should be deployed (deploy fresh instance):
```
